Update en-US to version 1.4.0 (#95)
kevinrue/bioc_coc_multilingual: en-US.Rmd

* identity: gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, ethnicity, body size, race, age, religion, language, etc.
* intellectual position: approaches to data analysis, software preferences, coding style, scientific perspective, stage of career, etc.

> By participating in this community, you agree not to engage in behavior contrary to these values at any Bioconductor-sponsored event (in person or virtual, including but not limited to talks, workshops, poster sessions, social activities), electronic communication channels (including but not limited to the [Bioconductor Zulip](https://community-bioc.zulipchat.com/), the support site, online forums, the package review site, and social media communications), or packages (including commits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By participating in this community, you agree not to engage in behavior contrary to these values at any Bioconductor-sponsored event (in person or virtual, including but not limited to talks, workshops, poster sessions, social activities), electronic communication channels (including but not limited to the [Bioconductor Chat](https://chat.bioconductor.org/), the support site, online forums, the package review site, and social media communications), or packages (including commits).
```

Reviewer 2: I know we are talking fine-grained details, but I think we could (should) call it the Bioconductor Zulip space, at least this is how it is called here 
<img width="678" height="358" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b53545a9-ffbc-4198-98d6-7f791545ae8d" />
As for the links, I think they are very much equivalent

## Enforcement

Anyone asked to stop harassing or intimidating behavior is expected to comply immediately.

> If a person contravene the Code of Conduct, the Code of Conduct committee retains the right to take any action that ensures a welcoming environment for all community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a person contravenes the Code of Conduct, the Code of Conduct committee retains the right to take any action that ensures a welcoming environment for all community members.
```
